Document MCP client editing and deletion (#7940)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/app-connections/revoke-oauth-client.md

To revoke an OAuth client:

1. In {{kib}}, go to **Agent Builder** → **Tools library**, click **Manage MCP**, and select **Manage MCP clients (OAuth)**.
2. Find the client. Click **Actions**, and then click **Revoke**.
3. In the **Revoke [client name]?** dialog, review the number of active connections that will be affected.
4. In the **MCP client name** field, type the client name exactly as shown to confirm, then click **Revoke**.

After revocation, users can no longer connect with that client until a new OAuth client is created.

To restore access after revoking a client, you can [create a new OAuth client](create-oauth-client.md) and distribute the new credentials to users.

## Delete an OAuth client

Only revoked clients can be deleted. Deleting a client permanently removes it and can't be undone.

To delete an OAuth client:

1. In {{kib}}, go to **Agent Builder** → **Tools library**, click **Manage MCP**, and select **Manage MCP clients (OAuth)**.
2. Find the revoked client. Click **Actions**, and then click **Delete**.

> 3. In the **Delete [client name]?** dialog, review the warning, then click **Delete**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Delete [client name]?** dialog, type the client name to confirm, then click **Delete**.
```
